TODO :

  - Kernel Gradient Correction
  - Free Surface Validation
  - Calculation optimisation


Program Structure :

    - main.c : sets the testcases. In order to keep the code lisible, some useful function has been written such as fluidProblem() and box().
               Once all the structure are created, the time integration scheme can begin. Its structure is the following.

              1. Update cells
              2. Update neighbors
              3. Compute pressure according a state equation
              4. Time integration
              5. Update the animation
              6.  If t < tEnd : go to 1.

    - time_integration.c : provides all the useful functions to compute the time integration and the calculation of the pressure field.
                           The time integration follows the scheme :

                           1. Update density
                              1a. Density correction based on CSPM
                           2. Update velocity
                              2a. if requires the pressure gradient is corrected using CSPM.
                              2b. XSPH is also available by the set of parameter eta, set to 0 for nos effect and to 0.5 for commun value.
                           3. Update position
                           4. Boundary conditions

    - particle.c : this code describes the structure of a particle in this framework. It also provides all the necessary functions to compute
                   the particle neighbords.
                   One particle has the structure :

                   Particle -> Fields -> (x,u,f,P,Cs,rho)
                               Parameters -> (mass, dynamic_viscosity,h,Rp,tension, treshold, P0, g)
                               Cell -> (i,j,neighboring_cells, particles, visited)
                               Neighbors -> a list of particles

                  Fields -> x   : Vector position
                            u   : Vector velocity
                            f   : Vector External forces
                            P   : float pressure
                            Cs  : float color field
                            rho : float density
